a mapmaker named Danson has come to
measure a mountain all this way just to
measure our mount but he's got an uphill
battle on his hands settle our bet
how high is our 984 feet and in no way
should detract from the beauty of 20
feet that's all we need a 20 foot the
only one thinks this smacks of cheating
Siskel and Ebert give it two thumbs up
we would like to convince you to stay
longer and measure the mountain again we
will be leaving first thing in the
morning catch a train
Hugh Grant is as irresistible as he was
in Four Weddings yes yes Turner net now
I'm gonna blush Tara Fitzgerald you had
better not be suggesting what I think
your suggestion and colm meaney is today
or never star in the romantic comedy are
you married about a town that wouldn't
give up and if it needs to be a thousand
feet then by God
thousand feet of you know ashame oh well
have left it